Hey, it's me, Andrea again.
Let's keep building on where we left off.
In this module, we're covering the mindset
behind every call 10 principles that'll shape
how you think and how you sound before you
ever pick up the phone.
Before you dial a single number, it's
crucial to have the right mindset locked in.
Your job is not to be the buyer.
Your job is to be the guide.
When you stop trying to win the property and
start focusing on winning clarity for the
seller, the whole dynamic shifts.
You are not here to pitch.
You are here to diagnose.
Think of it like walking into a doctor's
office.
The doctor does not start by measuring the
cabinets or asking the age of the water
heater. They start with, what seems to be
the problem today?
That is how you need to open every
conversation. Lead with their problem, not the
property specs.
That is how you earn trust and get to real
motivation fast.
There are 10 principles that will shape how
you think and how you sound on every call.
First, service over self.
You assume you will help this person even if
you are not the solution. Picture a seller
who inherited a house two states away.
She is a not looking for the highest price.
She is looking for someone who will make it
simple.
The moment you stop chasing the deal and
start solving her problem, she stops guarding
and starts talking. That attitude disarms
defenses and unlocks creativity in ways that
pressure never will.
Second, alignment. Get on their side of the
table.
See the world through their lens.
A landlord who has been dealing with the
same problem tenant for two years is not
thinking about ARV. He is thinking about
getting his life back.
When you acknowledge that before you talk
numbers, you are usually the first person who
actually heard him. That is when
conversations turn into deals.
Third, clarity beats pressure.
Most sellers are frozen because they cannot
picture the goal post.
A seller who says, I just need to think
about it is usually not stalling.
They are scared because the path forward is
blurry.
Your job is to help them write the movie by
starting at the end.
Where are you living after closing?
How much cash is in your pocket?
When they can see it, they can move toward
it and deals become natural next steps
instead of hard closes.
Fourth, detach from outcomes and attach to
actions.
You cannot control what a seller decides.
You can control reps, tone, and follow-up
cadence.
Think about this. Most deals in this business
come from the third, fourth, or fifth
follow-up.
The rep who stays consistent and never
sounds desperate is the one who wins.
If you do not feel needy, you will not sound
needy.
Fifth, curiosity over cleverness.
You do not need to be interesting.
You need to be interested.
Ask simple, direct questions and then shut
up.
A seller will tell you the real reason they
are selling if you give them room.
Most people never get that room because the
person on the other end keeps filling the
silence. Do not be that person.
Ask the question and wait.
Sixth, equal status. You are not beneath
them begging and you are not above them
lecturing. Peer-to-peer energy.
If a number does not work, say it plainly
and keep rapport intact.
Sellers respect directness.
What they cannot stand is someone who feels
either desperate or dismissive.
Seventh, long game wins.
You do not overcome people.
You outlast confusion.
A seller who says no in week one might be
ready in week six after they realize the
certainty you offered was the real value.
Follow up with warmth, bring a new angle
each time, and let time mature motivation.
Most high-priced sellers are just early in
their decision curve.
Eighth, problems are puzzles.
Every objection is a missing piece, not a
wall.
When a seller says, I need more money, that
is an invitation to find out what the money
is for. Is it to pay off a loan?
Cover a move? Once you know what the money
actually needs to do, you can often find a
way to solve it that has nothing to do with
raising your price.
Ninth, reps create calm.
Confidence comes from thousands of
conversations, not hype.
Be willing to be bad on call one so you can
be great on call one thousand.
Make the extra call, that is where your edge
builds.
Tenth, alignment beats argument.
When you see the world through their lens,
the conversation stops being a numbers fight.
You are not trying to win, you are trying to
understand.
That distinction is everything.
Hold these ten principles before every
single dial.
They are your operating system.
If they are sloppy, every script glitches.
Thank you for engaging with this module.
I encourage you to revisit it frequently for
a recap of these ten principles.
Take a moment to stand up, stretch, and
hydrate.
I look forward to seeing you in the next
module.